(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] Now it's your turn
to tackle a programming challenge
using spring's web client and the Twitter streaming API.
In this challenge,
you will be asked to establish a connection
to Twitter's filtered stream endpoint
using the spring web client.
Once you've connected to the stream,
you'll send tweets mentioning the Landon Hotel
to Azure cognitive services for sentiment analysis.
In the working files,
you'll find the Twitter streaming service class.
This class contains a method named stream.
Within this method, you're going to build a web client,
make the connection to the stream
and then return a flux that emits the tweets as a string.
You can see that within the class,
I've injected the bearer token for the Twitter API.
You'll need to make sure
that you have this environment variable established
on your workstation.
You'll also need to keep in mind
that we've already registered roles with the streaming API
for this client.
So you'll need to delete those roles
and then create a new role for the Landon Hotel.
I recommend using postman for this
because it's kind of a one-time thing.
If you need the details for those end points
take another look at the Twitter API documentation.
You'll find them in there.
Once you've finished your work
in the Twitter streaming service,
you'll need to integrate the service
with our Azure cognitive service service.
You'll do that work
within the Landon monitor application class.
The class starts our monitoring application
by executing the code found in the run method
when it starts up.
This is where you're going to perform the integration
between the Twitter streaming service
and the Azure sentiment service.
You'll notice that both services are auto wired
into the class using spring,
so you have them there to work with.
Within the run method,
you'll need to use the stream method
on the Twitter streaming service that we just saw.
It's going to return a flux that emits tweets
and you'll need to subscribe a consumer to that flux
that sends the tweets to Azure.
The consumer will receive the tweets as adjacent string.
So you'll notice that we have an object mapper
injected into the class.
You can use this to de serialize the Jason string
into a stream response object.
I've provided the stream response object
to model the tweet coming back from Twitter.
It's going to make it much easier to work that data.
Now, once you finished your code,
head over to Twitter and make a tweet
mentioning the Landon Hotel to test out the application.
It can be helpful for testing purposes
to output the tweet and the sentiment to the console.
So go ahead, give it a shot.
You got this.
Then once you're ready
you can take a look at my solution.